DOCUMENTATION: Update BitNode recommendation short guide (#2523)
bitburner-official/bitburner-src: src/Documentation/doc/en/advanced/bitnode_recommendation_short_guide.md

Bladeburner is an alternative method to beat BitNodes which doesn't rely on money or hacking skill.
[Sleeves](sleeves.md) help complete BN6 more quickly since they can share some Bladeburner tasks with the player but aren't a requirement.

> BN7 unlocks Bladeburner and gives access to the Bladeburner APIs like BN6, but it's a bit harder than BN6 while giving more Bladeburner-specific rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BN7 also unlocks Bladeburner like BN6, but it's a bit harder than BN6 while giving more Bladeburner-specific rewards
```
I'm making a few optional suggestions to cut this down to the bare minimum, in keeping with the "short guide" theme.

> Source-File 7 buffs Bladeburner's multipliers, and Source-File 7.3 gives free access to an augmentation that lets you perform Bladeburner and non-Bladeburner actions at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, such as an augmentation that lets you perform Bladeburner and non-Bladeburner actions at the same time.
```
